Mount the AWS Config Directory if it exists (#32)
resim-ai/agent: CHANGELOG.md

Changes and release notes for the ReSim agent

## v0.2.5 - 2024-11-21

> - Added support for using docker-credential-ecr-login for docker login, assuming the appropriate credential mode is set in `~/.docker/config.json` and AWS is configured in `~/.aws`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for using the [ECR Docker credential helper](https://github.com/awslabs/amazon-ecr-credential-helper/), assuming the appropriate credential mode is set in `~/.docker/config.json` and AWS is configured in `~/.aws`
```
